There is a new login process for SAM.gov.
Whether you have an active account in SAM.gov,
are registering for the first time,
or you are renewing your current registration,
GSA now requires all SAM.gov users to create a new account through Login.gov.
This is easy to do directly from SAM.gov and provides stronger security through multi-factor authentication
when you access SAM.gov in the future.
As you prepare to create your account on Login.gov, you need three things:
1) the email address associated with your SAM account,
2) access to that email to receive a confirmation notification,
and 3) access to a working phone.
You will also receive a personal key that is generated after you create your account.
Please be sure to save the personal key in case you ever need to recover your Login.gov account.
If you are an entity administrator, your access to registrations and roles will transfer over,
provided you use the same email from your SAM account.
If you use the same email when you create your login.gov account, you will automatically be  associated with your entity registration.
If you choose a different email for login.gov, you will need to request your roles from your entity administrator.
Select the Log In  button which will take you to a page to create an account.
Select Create an Account to get started.
First, you will be prompted to put in your SAM account email address.
Please check and confirm your email address before you proceed.
When you Confirm your Email, it will take you to a seperate page where you will create your password.  After you create a strong password, select an option for receiving your one time passcode
After you create a strong password, select an option for receiving your one-time passcode.
If you want to save the passcode and simplify access in the future, select the option
to “Remember this browser for thirty days.”
Once you enter the one-time passcode, you will be given a Personal Key.
It is very important that you write it down and keep it somewhere safe.
The Personal Key will help you to reset your password or help you log in when you do not have access to your phone.
You are now granted access to SAM.
Note that every time you log in to SAM you will be required to enter your email and password,
then enter the one-time passcode which will be sent via your preferred method.
More information about setting up your account in Login.gov
can be found by contacting the federal service desk.